So I created a blank project with ironic start your project name plank and then dashed as we to as you
can see here and I want to start by creating all the pages we're going to need in this app.
We of course have your home page by default as we have a blank starting project and we actually won't
need this so I can already delete it.
And now I want to add some new pages which we will actually need.
I'm going to use to see live for days again where we can generate a page with the generate command generate
page and then we can simply enter the page name here.
The question of course is which pages do we need.
Well we certainly need a tap's page because we have the tabs at the bottom and remember that is a separate
page where these tabs live.
We will then certainly need a shopping list page which holds the list of items we have on the you shopping
list and allows us to add new items.
We will also need a recipe's list which shows the recipes be stored in our app and we will need the
recipe component or page year which allows us to do was a single recipe and which has these add ingredients
to shopping list button.
And finally we need a page which allows us to create and edit recipes.
Now you could create two separate pages one for editing and one for recreating.
But if you think about it it actually uses the same input fields right.
There is no big difference the only difference probably is that in one case editing we pre populate
the fields with well use whereas when we create a new recipe we don't.
But besides that there is no difference.
So I'm going to treat the adage recipe page which will serve for both.
Changing an existing recipe or creating a new one.
Of course you could pick a different name or split it up in two pages if you prefer this.
So with this those pages are created and are stored in the pages folder and this are actually all the
pages we're going to use We're going to need throughout this course module for this app.
Now with the pages generated the next step is to add them to the app module and then I will start hooking
them up to the tabs or I will start setting up the tabs invigoration.
Let's first register them to the app Marchal.
Here are two declarations I will simply add all the newly created pages and I will remove the home page.
Let's do that first so that I don't forget this.
Also remove the import from the home page.
It of course doesn't exist anymore and whatever can add newly created pages like the added recipe page
or recipe page and so on so will quickly do this.
And once we added all those pages your tudy declarations aere.
You of course are probably aware that you also need to add all those imports pointing to the individual
files in their pages folders and then that you need to copy all the pages in the declarations that array
and also add them to the entry components.
Here to inform ironic too that it should be aware of those pages and that it should be able to generate
them for us when we need them since we load them through.
I don't like to use navigation conceptus stack of pages.
Speaking of that in the next lecture I want to set up this tap's navigation.
We learned this before and then we can move on and start working on even individual pages